# Introduction

This example generates an SRAM array using OpenRAM and then does a write/read test in which all addresses in the SRAM are written with random data in a random order, then read back in a different random order, with each value read back checked against the value that was written to that address.  The example works with **system-verilog**, **verilog-ams**, and **spice** targets, representing 7+ different simulators.

# Installation

First install OpenRAM if you have not already:
```shell
> git clone https://github.com/VLSIDA/OpenRAM.git
> export OPENRAM_HOME=/path/to/OpenRAM/compiler
> export OPENRAM_TECH=/path/to/OpenRAM/technology
```
The two environment variables may be set in **.profile**, **.bashrc**, etc. for convenience.

Then clone this project:
```shell
> git clone https://github.com/sgherbst/fault_experiments.git
> cd fault_experiments
```

# Usage

The SRAM example is a command-line tool with options to select the target type and simulator.  For example, you may run:
```
> python sram/sram.py --target system-verilog --simulator iverilog
```
to run a simulation with Icarus Verilog, using the Verilog model generated by OpenRAM.  If you specify the target to be **spice** or **verilog-ams**, the SPICE model for the SRAM array generated by OpenRAM will be used instead.

The output will look something like this:
```shell
***********************************
Target:    system-verilog
Simulator  iverilog
No. words: 16
Word size: 1
Runtime:   0.145 s
***********************************
```

# Configuration

Full command-line options are shown by running `python sram/sram.py -h`, but two of the most common options used are **--num_words**, the number of words in the SRAM array, and **--word_size**, the number of bits in each word stored in the SRAM.  By changing both parameters the scale of the SRAM may be adjusted.
